docs: clean up quickstart docs (#2214)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/ens-subgraph/key-limitations.mdx

The [Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph) fully implements [ENSIP-19](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/19) and accurately returns an account's multichain primary names in milliseconds.
:::

## No concept of the effective resolver (ENSIP-10)

:::danger[Wrong resolver, wrong records]
The Subgraph records the resolver _assigned_ to a domain but has no understanding of [ENSIP-10](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/10) wildcard resolution, and therefore no concept of the _effective_ resolver — the resolver that actually answers for a name via a parent's wildcard resolver. Apps that read the assigned resolver from the Subgraph and assume it's the effective one get the wrong answer for any name that relies on wildcard resolution.
:::

:::tip[Assigned and effective resolvers]
The [Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph) supports both a Domain's _assigned_ resolver as well as its [ENSIP-10](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/10) _effective_ resolver, so you can write applications that understand the difference, whether you're resolving up-to-date records or letting users edit records onchain.
:::

## Unnormalized names (ENSIP-15 not applied)

:::danger[Normalization is left to you]

> The Subgraph does not apply [ENSIP-15](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/15) name normalization. It returns label and name values as indexed, including unnormalized ones, with no signal about whether a value is normalized. Every consuming app has to implement normalization correctly and consistently — and the ones that don't display or match names incorrectly. ENSNode can [replace unnormalized labels](/docs/integrate/ens-subgraph/backwards-compatibility#never-normalize-labels-returned-by-ensnode) for safer handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subgraph does not apply [ENSIP-15](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/15) name normalization. It returns unnormalized labels and names, putting the burden on every consuming app to implement normalization correctly and consistently — and the ones that don't display or match names incorrectly. ENSNode [replaces unnormalized labels](/docs/integrate/ens-subgraph/backwards-compatibility#never-normalize-labels-returned-by-ensnode) for you automatically enjoy safer handling.
```

Author: Applied, with a small grammar fix to the tail ("…for you, so you automatically enjoy safer handling.").

:::

:::tip[Typed enssdk and enskit]
The [Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph) comes with [`enssdk` (TypeScript)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enssdk) and [`enskit` (React)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enskit) fully typed client libraries with built-in editor intellisense and autocomplete.
:::

## Operational gaps

:::danger[Operations left half-solved]
Beyond the data-model limitations, the Subgraph's auto-generated GraphQL API leaves common operational needs underserved:

- **Pagination** is awkward and easy to implement incorrectly at scale.
- **Caching** has no first-class story for ENS-shaped data.
- **Indexing status** is hard to reason about — there's no clear, app-friendly signal for how far behind realtime the data is (e.g. worst-case distance from the chain head).
- **Joins** in the auto-generated API perform certain multi-entity operations in ways that don't match what apps actually need, forcing client-side stitching.

>   :::

Author: Fixed — de-indented the closing `:::` and added a blank line above it so prettier won't re-indent it into the list.

>   :::

Author: Fixed — de-indented the closing `:::` (with a blank line above it to keep prettier from re-indenting).
